i got ready to take a bath because the tub arrived .
i love the water i empty temperature with glass cheaper next .
i just get on the bathroom .
after some good long one of a bun .
i started running i read i wanted to put the outside of the temperature and relax and i found a bit with some soap , soap dirty , and enjoy reading , i carefully i turned on the water and used my quickly and scrubbed that i had his hair and shoot to the hot bath and let when i passed my hot water , i took the water and placed on my aches and let myself out of the water , i pulled up and put the towel in the tub to get cool and then turned my body and put out in make soap to face it was so with a few minutes after myself on and finish and the water , filled salt so this slowly curtain i grabbed the water to make sure i am careful for it is long like showing you 'll get off or after so about sure to do felt high such across my body or my <unk> hot i as i am tired leave he so i was getting on the warm tub and set my tub and then forgot my turn , as i not n't refreshed for my bath 's warm while i was going to make sure i leaving get the bathroom when i felt ran on our started and getting off so the bathtub came to work to get watching the bathroom after i 'm determined to have to myself and drain , but sometimes to get off , and and started running the tub , and run bath to let drain the tub to get out and wrap undressed and closed everything over i to stop ran i hot and get bath salts and lit clean and take off myself salts and got disrobe tub <unk> shower curtain relax and stand off , reading to get station and tried to feel a bath from and scrubbed i am in to proceed to every like i look to go out to relax so , i knew i went to make sure i do not get last bath is the <unk> of the other <unk> of the rest of the bathtub you like as a <unk> of the <OOV> rain started more than you are filling to keep the water , but then i letting get off drain the tub filling , and then filled the drain in the tub , i pour filling with the hot water to place up and carefully rinsing on my couch i had to be bath and excited again for awhile , some bubble soap i added my bath .


# temperature 0.7
i got ready to take a bath because the water .
i put the water off in the tub .
i put the candles in the tub .
i like a bath .
i slowly some bubble bath .
i slowly next soon my body and socks .
i like taking a bath .
i found a bath with my favorite afternoon and i added reading and put into the bath and then put the water on the tub and let the water drain and let the warm water until you can be getting off to get off and relax and get off of the tub , i needed to be done and one on the water to get off and the tub there was not doing so i was allowed to get out of the bath , i put on my clothes and got off to pay with a little while i pulled up and laid down to relax , and relax of water i felt feeling down to relax for the bath i <unk> and go to get off of the water , but i took dressed from a bath .


