# rnn_da$ th sampler.lua inscript_pavel-pc\:1500495122\:1.t7_cpu.t7 --seedtext "I was sitting on my couch" --temperature 0.5 --length 200
i was sitting on my couch i had to go to the local store and picked up the food i needed .
i picked up some milk , making a cake for a few of people <unk> .
i went to the store and picked up my groceries and placed the items in the trunk .
i picked out the ingredients and made sure i had everything i needed , , cheese , cheese , milk , eggs , and , and cheese .
i put the items on the conveyor belt and placed them in the middle of the store .
i then placed the cart in my cart and placed them in the trunk of the store .
i then took the shopping cart to the cashier and put them in my cart .
i got on the cart and took the way for the shortest of the mixing .
i then put my items on the oven and placed it in the oven for a few minutes .
i then placed the cake in the bottom of the oven .
i then tested the cake for the cake for 0 minutes

i was sitting on my couch and i decided to take a train .
i went to the city and bought a ticket of the train .
i was able to find a seat .
i waited for the train to come in at denali .
when i got to the train station i walked up and waited for the train to arrive .
i was able to get a train .
i was able to go to the train station and got my ticket .
i waited for the train to arrive and waited for the train to arrive .
i got on the train and looked at the train station .
i had a window seat .
i went to the train station and waited for the train to arrive .
i waited at the train station and waited for a while to arrive .
i waited at the train to arrive at the station .
i then went to the train station to get the train .
i made sure that i would have to arrive by train .
i got the book and checked the driver

i was sitting on my couch and i was ready to go to the bathroom .
i turned on the water and put the stopper in the bathtub .
i turned the water and drained the water .
i got out my clothes and walked down to the bathroom .
i turned away the water and turned the water on the water .
i got undressed and stepped up the tub .
i got off a towel and put the towel in the tub .
i turned on the water and turned on some hot water .
i did n't too cold .
i turned off the water and adjusted it .
then i stepped out of the tub .
i was running up and dried in the tub .
i got out and put my hair on the drain and let the water fill with water .
i began to get off .
i got off the bus and paid my fare .
i was able to wait for a bus to arrive .
i was at the bus stop and got my bus pass .
